refactor: update emqx_prometheus via emqx_config_handler (#9235)
emqx/emqx: changes/v5.0.10-en.md

- Update `gen_rpc` library to version 3.0 [#9187](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9187).

- Improve the stability of prometheus push_gateway and print error logs when POST fails [#9235](http://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9235).

> - Now we can disable some internal prometheus metrics. Closing some metrics that are not cared about when the prometheus/stats API timeout ( the machine load is too high ). [#9222](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9222).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now it is possible to opt out VM internal metrics in prometheus stats [#9222](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/9222).
  When system load is high, reporting too much metrics data may cause the prometheus stats API timeout.
```
